\input texinfo.tex
@c %**start of header
@setfilename mmux-emacs-template.info
@settitle MMUX Emacs Template
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi
@include macros.texi

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Values.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@set TITLE                      MMUX Emacs Template

@c To be used as @value{PACKAGE} whenever we need to include the full
@c name of this package.
@set PACKAGE                    MMUX Emacs Template

@c To be used as @value{PACKAGE} whenever we need to include the
@c nickname of the project: the name that is used to compose the
@c distribution tarball or the web address.
@set PACKAGE_NICKNAME           mmux-emacs-template

@c To be used as @value{AUTHOR} whenever we need to include the list of
@c authors of this document.
@set AUTHOR                     Marco Maggi

@c To be used as @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL} whenever we need to include the
@c email of the *single* author of this document.
@set AUTHOR_EMAIL               @email{mrc.mgg@@gmail.com}

@c To be used as @value{COPYRIGHT_YEARS} whenever we need to include the
@c list of copyright years.
@set COPYRIGHT_YEARS            2020

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@set PackageAutoconfPrefix              MMUX_EMACS_TEMPLATE
@set PackagePkgconfigModule             @code{mmux-emacs-template}
@set PackageLibsVar                     @env{MMUX_EMACS_TEMPLATE_LIBS}
@set PackageCflagsVar                   @env{MMUX_EMACS_TEMPLATE_CFLAGS}

@set PackageLibstem                     @file{mmux-emacs-template}
@set PackageSharedLibraryBasename       @file{libmmux-emacs-template}

@set PackageEmacsModule                 @file{mmux-emacs-template}
@set PackageHeader                      mmux-emacs-template.h
@set PackageHeaderFile                  @file{@value{PackageHeader}}

@set PackageApiCPrefixLower             mmux_emacs_template_
@set PackageApiCPrefixUpper             MMUX_EMACS_TEMPLATE_
@set PackageApiElispPrefix              mmux-template-

@set GithubUrl                 @url{https://github.com/marcomaggi/@value{PACKAGE_NICKNAME}}
@set BitbucketUrl              @url{https://bitbucket.org/marcomaggi/@value{PACKAGE_NICKNAME}}
@set DownloadUrl               @url{https://bitbucket.org/marcomaggi/@value{PACKAGE_NICKNAME}/downloads}
@set DocumentationUrl          @url{https://marcomaggi.github.io/docs/@value{PACKAGE_NICKNAME}.html}

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Local macros.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@macro templateref{NODE, TITLE}
@xref{\NODE\,\TITLE\,\TITLE\,template}
@end macro

@macro template{}
@acronym{TEMPLATE}
@end macro

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Copyright notice.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@copying
This document describes version @value{VERSION} of @value{PACKAGE}, a @gnu{} Emacs module
implemented on top of a C11 language library.

The library supports @posix{} platforms.  This package is meant to work with @gnu{} Emacs version
26+.  To run the test suite: this package requires the ERT package.

This package is distributed under the terms of the @gnu{} General Public License (@gpl{}).

The latest release can be downloaded from:

@center @value{DownloadUrl}

@noindent
development takes place at:

@center @value{GithubUrl}

@noindent
and as backup at:

@center @value{BitbucketUrl}

@noindent
Copyright @copyright{} @value{COPYRIGHT_YEARS} by @value{AUTHOR} @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL}@*

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the @gnu{}
Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software
Foundation; with Invariant Sections being ``@gnu{} Free Documentation License'' and ``@gnu{} General
Public License'', no Front--Cover Texts, and no Back--Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is
included in the section entitled ``@gnu{} Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Headers.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@titlepage
@title @value{TITLE}
@subtitle Revision @value{VERSION}
@author @value{AUTHOR} @value{AUTHOR_EMAIL}
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@ifinfo
@dircategory Development
@direntry
* mmux-emacs-template: (mmux-emacs-template).       MMUX Emacs Template a template library.
@end direntry
@end ifinfo

@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@ignore
@syncodeindex tp cp
@syncodeindex vr cp
@syncodeindex fn cp
@end ignore

@c page
@ifnottex
@node Top
@top @value{TITLE}

@insertcopying

@menu
* overview::                    Overview of the package.
* version::                     Version functions.

Appendices

* Package License::             GNU General Public License.
* Documentation License::       GNU Free Documentation License.
* references::                  Bibliography and references.

Indexes

* concept index::               An entry for each concept.
* function index::              An entry for each function.
* variable index::              An entry for each variable.
* type index::                  An entry for each type.

External documents

* modules: (elisp)Writing Dynamic Modules.
@end menu
@end ifnottex

@c page
@node overview
@chapter Overview of the package


This document describes version @value{VERSION} of @value{PACKAGE}, a @gnu{} Emacs module
implemented on top of a C11 language library.

This package supports @posix{} platforms.  This package is meant to work with @gnu{} Emacs version
26+.  To run the test suite: this package requires the ERT package.

@value{PACKAGE} installs a single elisp module @value{PackageEmacsModule} and a C language shared
library with basename @value{PackageSharedLibraryBasename} (using the @gnu{} Libtool
infrastructure).  All the elisp definition names are prefixed with
@code{@value{PackageApiElispPrefix}}.  The C language shared library is installed under
@samp{$libdir}, for example:

@center @file{/usr/local/lib64}

@noindent
while the elisp module goes under @samp{$lispdir}, for example:

@center @file{/usr/local/share/emacs/site-lisp}

@noindent
so to load the module (under an Emacs installation with dynamic modules enabled) we should do
something like:

@lisp
(add-to-list 'load-path "/usr/local/lib64"
                        "/usr/local/share/emacs/site-lisp")
(require 'mmux-emacs-template)
@end lisp

@cindex @value{PackageHeaderFile}, header file
@cindex Header file @value{PackageHeaderFile}
It might be possible that we want to write a C language library making use of the facilities of this
package; so @value{PACKAGE} installs the single header file @value{PackageHeaderFile}.  All the C
language function names in the @api{} are prefixed with @code{@value{PackageApiCPrefixLower}}; all
the C language preprocessor symbol names are prefixed with @code{@value{PackageApiCPrefixUpper}};
all the type names are prefixed with @code{@value{PackageApiCPrefixLower}} and suffixed with
@code{_t}.

@menu
* overview linking::            Linking code with the library.
@end menu

@include overview-linking.texi

@c page
@node version
@chapter Version functions


The installed libraries follow version numbering as established by the @gnu{} Autotools.  For an
explanation of interface numbers as managed by @gnu{} Libtool @xref{Libtool versioning, interface,
Libtool's versioning system, libtool, Shared library support for @gnu{}}.


@defun mmux-template-version-string
Return a string representing the interface version number.
@end defun


@defun mmux-template-version-interface-current
Return an integer representing the library interface current number.
@end defun


@defun mmux-template-version-interface-revision
Return an integer representing the library interface current revision number.
@end defun


@defun mmux-template-version-interface-age
Return an integer representing the library interface current age.
@end defun


@deftypefun {char const *} mmux_emacs_template_version_string (void)
Return a pointer to a statically allocated @asciiz{} string representing the interface version
number.
@end deftypefun


@deftypefun int mmux_emacs_template_version_interface_current (void)
Return an integer representing the library interface current number.
@end deftypefun


@deftypefun int mmux_emacs_template_version_interface_revision (void)
Return an integer representing the library interface current revision number.
@end deftypefun


@deftypefun int mmux_emacs_template_version_interface_age (void)
Return an integer representing the library interface current age.
@end deftypefun

@c page
@c ------------------------------------------------------------
@c Appendices.
@c ------------------------------------------------------------

@include gpl-3.0.texi
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@c page
@node references
@appendix Bibliography and references


The documentation of @value{PACKAGE} is available online:

@center @value{DocumentationUrl}

@noindent
the latest release of this package can be downloaded from:

@center @value{DownloadUrl}

@noindent
development takes place at:

@center @value{GithubUrl}

@noindent
and as backup at:

@center @value{BitbucketUrl}

@c page
@node concept index
@appendix An entry for each concept

@printindex cp

@node function index
@appendix An entry for each function.

@printindex fn

@node variable index
@appendix An entry for each variable.

@printindex vr

@node type index
@appendix An entry for each type.

@printindex tp

@contents
@bye

@c end of file

